Read the requirement carefully and submit Test deliverables as mentioned below. Deliverable 1: Identify all the test scenarios for the mentioned requirement 

Deliverable 2: Write all the test cases using the appropriate testing techniques wherever applicable for the below requirement. 

Deliverable 3: Log the below mentioned defects effectively with all the details, relating the requirement mentioned such that the developers would understand. 

 Write the Defect Description for the below cases. 

❖ In the “Services Required” List Box, the User does not choose an item. The application does not display appropriate Error Message on clicking Submit button. 

❖ The User enters incorrect characters in the “Write the characters in the image” Textbox. The application displays “Submission Successful” message on clicking Submit button. 

❖ The User enters all the valid details and clicks the “Submit” button. There is No Response. 

REQUIREMENT: 

Here is an IDI Bank application. This application is used to open a Demat Account Online by entering details like Name, Age, Location, Contact Number, Email Id, Pincode and the service required. 

Fields: 

❖ “Help Us Contact You” 

➢ Name – Textbox. 

 ▪ This field can accept Alphabetic values of Maximum 30 characters in length. 

 ➢ Age – List Box. 

 ▪ The values available in the current database - “1-17”, “18-24”, “25-45”, “45-60”, “60+”. 

➢ Nearest Location – List Box. 

 ▪ The values available in the current database - “Delhi”, “Mumbai”, “Calcutta”, “Chennai”. 

➢ Contact Nos – Textbox. 

 ▪ This field can accept only Numeric values of 10 digits. Valid Mobile Number. 

➢ Email – Textbox. 

 ▪ This field can accept Mix of Alphanumeric and special characters in a valid Email Format. 

➢ Pincode – Textbox. 

▪ This field can accept Numeric value of 6 digits. 

➢ Services Required – List Box. It is a Mandatory Field. 

▪ The values available in the current database – “Agri Loan”, “ATM Card”, “Bonds”. 

➢ Image: Image is displayed. 

 ▪ This displayed image can be changed by the User by clicking the “Change Image” hyperlink

▪ Write the characters in the image – Textbox. The User has to enter the characters displayed in the Image. 

➢ Checkbox – (Checked or Unchecked). 

▪ I authorize IDBI Bank to contact me. This will override registry on the NDNC 

➢ Submit – Button.     

❖ Validation: 

➢ The User after filling the form, clicks the SUBMIT Button. The application validates the data. 

 ➢ If Valid, displays the message “Submission Successful” in the next page. If invalid, displays appropriate Error Message in the next page
